and now I will only show exactly
cut a piece of paper under the floor at the beginning
you need to take a sheet and fold it exactly
in half it is done so you
apply one edge to another
Look right here and here
here
corners matched then you take so
press the sheet here with one hand
and with your other hand hold
and bend it straight pressing nails
on the sheet of course need an arrow fingers
then you take and
pushing a sheet from this edge
this edge
you spend so
strongly bending it down and pressing it
side and then here you have exactly
bend
it is important not to press here and here's how
here we have not combined the corners otherwise
you get such folds and then
when you combined corners here then
you can already press and make
so that you are not here from this edge
the sheet was flat when you adding sheet
this way you can cut it and
many are faced with a problem like so
cut to exactly work and they
take
so harsh push it forward then
I put it so sharp I start so nagging
a sheet of this will not work then
you crookedly cut it in order for you
cut exactly
you need as much as possible to pull
cutter fill it over here
and lead
as parallel to the edge of the sheet
there is like this is wrong
now you have to clamp the paper like this
so that she does not fidget and so hold
cutter it is quite easy to cut
paper cutter you should have about
parallel
he does not mean to your sheet
so hang out just take
you lay it tucked into paper and
exactly lead and
places you cut exactly
See what happens if I keep
the cutter is not like this to hold and
I can no longer cut
to cut and wear it does not cut and tears
paper and that's what will happen if I am
raise the cutter for 5 hours
is coming
but what will happen if you are bad
turn the sheet when you cut it
such a curve turned out thing if you
liked this video then click on
subscribe a button so that when I
I spread a lot of lessons you received
You can also click on them here.
these buttons to see another
a lesson right now and you can also come in
on my site daniel belov . com
there you can find materials lesson and
see my pictures